Geneformer modelcard and loss eval script (#392)
NVIDIA/bionemo-framework: docs/docs/models/geneformer.md

| Baseline geneformer    | 2.26*                        |
| geneformer-10M-240530  | 2.64                         |
| geneformer-106M-240530 | 2.34                         |

!!! bug "Baseline Geneformer was recently updated on huggingface making loss comparisons challenging."

    [Geneformer](https://huggingface.co/ctheodoris/Geneformer) was recently updated on hugging face to a new version.
    In a future release we will make checkpoint conversion scripts available so that the public model can be ran
    directly. Some key differences follow:

     * Trained on a much larger 95M cell dataset. Our current checkpoints were trained with 23M cells.
     * The new 12 layer baseline geneformer variant sits between our 10M and 106M parameter models in parameter count with
      approximately 38M parameters.
     * The model is trained with a 4096 context rather than a 2048 context. When forcing the model to make predictions
      with a 2048 context, the MLM loss drops to *2.76*, which is probably unfair because this may be "out of domain" for
      training. It is really hard to compare these loss numbers directly is the only take-home here.

>      * The model was trained on a set of 20275 genes, rather than the older set of 25426 genes. This would also be
>       expected to give a boost in loss since there are fewer tokens to chose from.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     * The model was trained on a set of 20,275 genes, rather than the older set of 25,426 genes. This would also be
      expected to give a boost in loss since there are fewer tokens to choose from.
```
